hypertension risk prediction and management application this application is designed to predict hypertension risk using various inputs or lifestyle characteristics.
Genetic Pedigree Coefficient: Information related to the genetic history of hypertension in a person's family.
Age: The age of the individual, as age can be a significant factor in hypertension risk.
Sex: Gender is considered as it can influence hypertension risk.
Body Mass Index (BMI): This measures the relationship between a person's height and weight and is an essential health indicator.
Smoking Habits: Whether an individual is a smoker or not, as smoking can contribute to hypertension.
Physical Activity: Information on an individual's level of physical activity or exercise routines.
Salt Consumption: Dietary salt intake, which can be a risk factor for hypertension.
Alcohol Intake: Whether an individual consumes alcoholic beverages and the frequency.
Stress Levels: An individual's stress levels and coping mechanisms.
Presence of Chronic Kidney Disease: Whether the individual has a history of chronic kidney disease, which can increase hypertension risk.
These inputs and characteristics are used by the app's machine learning models to provide predictions and insights related to hypertension risk.

Before running the app, ensure you have the following software installed:
Python 3.x
Node.js packages (npm install)
Getting Started
Setting up the Flask App:
.\venv\Scripts\activate  # On Windows
install flask
install cors
use python app.py to run the flask app in the terminal 
Run the Flask app (it will run on port 5000 by default)

Running the Prediction:
The frontend interacts with the Flask backend to provide hypertension risk predictions. To use the prediction feature, please ensure that the Flask app is running in your terminal.

Accessing other pages:
The web app may use different port numbers for various parts of the application. Here are the ports to access different resources:

Flask App: Running on port 5000
Frontend: Running on port 3000, this port is specifically used for the "Community Support" screen and chat interface.
Additional Services: May use other ports such as 5501




